he has welcome to my channel I have a
guest today her name is Julia and she
had recently moved to the space because
she's been amazing tennis player and I
she has this great story of getting full
scholarship to study in the States
against she played tennis back in Russia
and her brother actually went to the
space which to play hockey
and he's an expert in getting sports
scholarships in the state so she's going
to tell us her story and we're going to
ask her all the questions about for
scholarship so if you ship this week's
English I'll stay here to look for for
joining me to be Joseph story how it
happens that way that your analysis so I
was the United States when I was 17 and
I got the scholarship in ethology
your teen parent and a boy tennis phenom
on the team and I played there for four
years with the amazing coach precocious
Cornell University now and after that I
coached college as an assistant coach in
that you can kind of go and Allsop roti
prata club
so getting into American University in
great opportunity and in my career and a
lot of experience and traveling and
lovely thing yeah I'm preaching right
appreciate also ever appreciate a free
accommodation life right life my brother
not to get free iPad free meal
please food after pregnant with bring
them food right to the rink they slide
to play other school so it depends on
the university but most most important
to get recreation free books free tutors
and without living and food 7 my opinion
can you tell me how they will story look
like the dimension years 16 years always
in thinking oh I should get my degree in
sustainable with the process so when I
was 15 I played professionally and try
to get to professional level and realize
I'm not as good or talented or not
enough money to get to the level but at
once so I set you get into college and
in Russia we don't have the opportunity
to go to college and twice with
university so I found out that the
United States you can trade for college
and be able to get a degree yes so I
start applying life to writing emails
few coaches with my resume and video to
explain and trying to find out what's
the best pitch for me with the location
or
Victini men yes and what kind of
scholarship coaches offer because it
depends on the university versus what
they can offer and how how many offers
community
I had a lot of Walters was I took it
outside at 20 shillings or call
essentialist because I didn't even know
about haters yes I didn't want to give
you someone who else I didn't reply to
them haha
but because sin is very popular here I
fight a lot of schools and I got a lot
of good life back it was dumb but I had
a particular school set up completed a
one okay and so the first is working a
way that you reach out to the coaches
first and then they tell you yes we're
gonna take you and then to be the
application basically as they start to
talk to you if you're a good fit for
them also because we want to have good
student hard workers and make sure you
have appropriate gorgeous in the SPG's
your choice or whatever if I had ice
identity but I didn't have to take
choice Falls because I'm gonna sign up
or to get in about that
no and then if the coach like seats you
will help you out for those applications
and all we have to do this I on the
analyzer yes it was very nice because
good two three would take care great
until you should be offered in most to
the state so go with your first job
so my first step was an accountant okay
so I worked and I got a degree in
economics and that I didn't know what to
do and I the head opportunity to get a
masters degree in the university
benefits and good so this paid for give
school as well but it's a situation
my brother came to nicely also so we
decided that he'll be nice if I help him
out do the thing city and uncle happens
after so if she wasn't happy because
obviously she had an open sea and okay
yeah I was be related to the field of
study so she has to do that for you and
then you applied for 81 yes and I why I
got a green card and I started or coming
up with tennis Coaches private club and
then I got a job at the university as an
assistant coach and then got promoted to
head coach so that guys this eb1 be
though Olin visa is the piece of for
talented people and you can be
challenges in any sphere because as I
hope this be good because of tell us if
in entrepreneurship running one company
she got a British intelligence force and
I think this is a really good leader for
sportsman because if you have
competition if you have publications
poking everyone then you have a solid
case cool so you go to anyone so you
move to the state's Area California to
California and now I just go ship the
private class
yeah and the great thing is that you're
also helping other people again for
scholarships in the States
that's great and could you maybe of
describe an enjoyable file public
students that ideal for a solid
definitely good students to just be
straight and high school that help in
different limits but it could help to
see the codes that you're a student
easier to get into the University and in
that any sports that you place which is
easier or more is better and you show
some success with tournament or local
competition and and you think here is
something you want to do before in other
four years that will be great and did
you play let's say two sports together
that also shows them that you're very
good at this and the house by the track
and field's or swimming or some other
choice exact waters so if they have a
lot of a lot of sports and a lot of
teams that played here and then you
create a portfolio with all the
competitions right you have to shoot
something specially like video yeah and
on a show professional video and go to
Sochi use all the time every day
and you want to show your back your back
and your something different than others
so they see that your other players they
want they want to have a mystique so you
want to make sure you so you make it
professional and show which wire it
okay okay great so I'm gonna leave a
link below to the trip with your story
out with your brother story a couple of
years loose because you had to cut us to
this room yeah it's an uncomfortable a
tennis player from the salesman
screaming and my brother compression
okay yes a lot of students already yes
and you have to take a lot of money only
a few should be cool so guys if you have
any questions please ask them in
comments and I'm also living the local
forum where it really will be answering
a question if you have a question about
like assessing your situation I would
advise you to take consultation with her
because this is a deep proficient ocular
question if you have questions like oh
my GPA is too low or an another what
kind of what levels English I need to
have the new short courses are perfect
for four so I'm going to leave all the
links below we're waiting for your life
and Chris description thank you stores
in this video I think initially for
joining us today
oh very interesting okay thank you guys
have a good day bye bye
[Music]